3D Real Time Rendering 

Compile by typing 'make', to run type ./main

Note: If you get an error "shader.c:5:21: error: GL/glew.h: No such file or directory"
Please make sure you have installed "libglew-dev" and "libglew"

When the program start-up, the Tesselation is set at 2048

Finish:
o   - Toggle between immediate mode/VBO/GPU Generated shape:
      grid, sphere, torus shape, press 'o' to toggle from immediate to VBO;
      but to switch to GPU generated shape you need switch 'ON' shader('s') and  
      press ('g') than press and press 'o'.

T/t - Double/Halve Tesselation:
      4x4 as base to maximum of 4096 x 4096 tesselation

l   - Lighting Toggle: 
      when shader ('s') is 'ON', lighting toggle does not affect.

f   - Smooth/Flat shading

H/h - Increase/decrease shininess

v   - Local Viewer: 
      . When shader ('s') is 'OFF' local viewer is using openGL to generate local
        viewer effects but when shader ('s') is 'ON'  it is using the shader to generate

n   - Draw Normals: 
      Will only display the normals when drawing using immediate/VBO generated shape

x/X - Toggle OSD short (frame rate only) and long (all settings)

z/Z - Toggle frame rate and state settings output to stdout as text

s   - Shader Toggle:
      . This key is disable when you are in bump map and displacement mapping
    
p   - Per (vertex, pixel) lighting:
      . This key is disable when you are in bump/displacement mapping mode
      . For bump mapping we decided to use per-vertex blinn phong lighting
      . For displacement mapping we decided to use per-vertex phong lighting
      
m   - Blinn-Phong or Phong specular lighting model
      . This key is disable when you are in bump/displacement mapping mode
      . For bump mapping we decided to use per-vertex blinn phong lighting
      . For displacement mapping we decided to use per-vertex phong lighting
      
g   - Shader based shape generation toggle(GPU): 
      . You can only toggle to drawing using GPU when you are in shader mode ('s')
      . It will always start from grid when it is turn-on.
    
b   - Bump Mapping Toggle:
      . When rendering bump mapping, the 'p','m','n','s' keys had been disable.
      . The only keys that are enabled are the 'o','a','f','v','t','r','x','z','d'
      . The default setting it uses are "Per-Vertex Blinn Phong" lighting , and 
        it will switch to "GPU Generated Grid" shape, to toggle between shapes 
        press 'o'.
      . Switch off bump mapping to re-able those keys.
    
r/R - Double/Halve number of bumps, with base of 16x16 to maximum of 128x128

d   - Displacement Mapping Toggle:
      . When rendering displacement mapping, the 'p','m','n','s' key has been disable.
      . The only keys that are enabled are the 'o','a','f','v','t','r','x','z','b'
      . The default setting it uses are "Per-Vertex Phong" lighting , and 
        it will switch to "GPU Generated Grid" shape, to toggle between shapes 
        press 'o'.
      . Switch off displacement mapping to re-able those keys.
    
a   - Animation Toggle for bump/displacement mapping.
      
